apply for a credit card. In
1958, the
first credit card with a revolving credit loan function,
BankAmericard, was born, which
is the predecessor of Visa Card.
On the surface, this card brings convenience to modern people. You
can buy now and pay later with a simple scan.
But when you open the package, you will find that it
is actually a financial product full of traps.
Of course, are the big credit card companies
running charity organizations?
In order to win our favor, a credit card
offers welcome gifts,
cash rebates, and
various discounts.
How can they earn our money by spending money like this?
For credit card companies,
there are two kinds of people in this world:
those who owe money at the end of the month, which is in disguise of borrowing money, and
those who pay off their credit cards in full at the end of the month.
In foreign countries, there is a special term for these people:
Deadbeats.
You need to make sure that you have never paid a penny of interest